getCreationTime()
  - what it does: returns the time the session was first created.
  - what you'd use it for: to find out how old the session is. You might 
want to restrict certain sessions to a fixed length of time. For example, 
you might say, "Once you've logged in, you have exactly 10 minutes to 
complete this form..."

getLastAccessedTime()
  - what it does: Returns the last time the Container got a request with 
this session ID (in milliseconds).
  - what you'd use it for: To find out when a client last accessed this 
session. you might use it to decide that if the client's been gone a long 
time you'll send them an email asking if theey're coming back. Or maybe 
you'll invalidate() the session.

setMaxInactiveInterval()
  - what it does: Specifies the maximum time, in seconds, that you want to 
allow between client request for this session.
  - what you'd use it for: To cause a session to be destroyed after a 
certain amount of time has apassed without the client making any request 
for this session. This is one way to reduce the amount of stale sessions 
sitting in your server.

getMaxInactiveInternal()
  - what it does: Returns the maximum time, in seconds, that is allowed 
between client requests for this session.
  - what you'd use it for: To find out how long this session can be 
inactive and still be alive. You could use this to judge how much more time 
an inactive client has before the session will be invalidated.

invalidate()
  - what it does: Ends the session. This includes unbinding all session 
attributes currently stored in this session.
  - what you'd use it for: To kill a session if the client has been 
inactive or if you KNOW the session is over (for example, after the client 
does a shopping check-out or logs). The sessino instance itself might be 
recycled by the Container, but we don't care. Invalidate means the session 
ID no longer exists, and the attributes are removed from the session 
object.
